sweet home huh these two uh get back to
reality
plus we know how the New Year is gonna
go off I guess there's no reason for all
that y2k panic you know anyway good
night Joey yeah three two one
happy new year oh you out what was that
for
well I don't know tonight when they
yelled cut and we didn't get the kiss I
was really really disappointed and I
just I just really wanted to kiss you
really in the moment I really wanted to
kiss you to be in the moment so do you
uh wanna kiss again
sure New Year's Eve is only two weeks
away
can you wait no me neither
three - Joey you don't have to count
down every time we kiss hug okay what's
up that night sort of felt like I needed
a couple seconds the Irani
good God
ah
this yeah
on the platform ready to dance the world
into the new millennium and the guy
yells cut wait so you guys are telling
me that you actually did the routine
from eighth grade yeah of course we had
to update it a little bit hey by the way
quick thinking about catching me there's
no way you could have done the end the
way we could do it I don't know I mean
you're a lot bigger
I mean stronger I can do it okay come on
let's go
one two three four five six seven
now you do that you're on TV